DOCS-2198: update paypal test details (#1791)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/payments/integrations/testing/test-payment-details.md

Test credentials: [API key](/tools/multisafepay-control/get-your-api-key/)

**Test a PayPal order**

> 1. Send a [Direct](/api/#paypal---direct) API request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Send a [direct](/api/#paypal---direct) API request.
```

> 2. On the Test Platform page, in the **Test Scenario** list, select **Completed**, and then click **Test**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. On the Test platform page, from the **Test scenario** list, select **Completed**, and then click **Test**.
```

Reviewer: Nice! Seeing that Microsoft style applied! Good one

> 2. The payment is processed in your MultiSafepay test account as **Successful**, with order status **Completed**, and transaction status **Initialized**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The payment is processed in your MultiSafepay test account as **Successful**, with order status **Completed**, and transaction status **Initialized**.
```

---

**Note**: Since MultiSafepay does not collect payments on behalf of PayPal, the transaction status remains **Initialized** and can't be changed to **Completed**.

---

**Change the order status**

You can change the order status to:

| Status    | Description              |
| --------- | ------------------------ |
| **Completed** | Order was completed |
| **Declined** | Order was declined |
| **Initialized**/ **Completed** | Payment blocked by PayPal, then accepted |
| **Initialized**/ **Declined** | Payment blocked by PayPal, then declined |
| **Cancelled** | Order was cancelled |

> To change the order status, on the Test Platform page, in the **Test Scenario** list, select the desired order status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change the order status, on the Test platform page, from the **Test scenario** list, select the relevant order status.
```

**Test refunding an order**

To refund an order:

1. In your test account, under **Order summary**, click **Refund order**.

> 2. Under **Refund**, in the **Reason/Description** field, enter a reason for the refund. In the **Amount** field, enter the amount to refund, and then click **Continue**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Under **Refund**, in the **Reason/Description** field, enter a reason for the refund.   
3. In the **Amount** field, enter the amount to refund, and then click **Continue**.
```

> 3. Under **Refund confirmation**, check the description and amount are correct, and then click **Confirm**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Under **Refund confirmation**, check the description and amount are correct, and then click **Confirm**.
```

Reviewer: I think it's probably worth including a "that" here to signal the sub-clause.

  {{< br >}} A new order is created for the refund. The order status for the refund changes to **Reserved**.

> 4. Under **Related transactions**, select the **ID** of the refund order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Under **Related transactions**, select the **ID** of the refund order.
```

> 5. Under **Order summary**, click **Accept**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Under **Order summary**, click **Accept**.
```

> 6. In the **Add transaction comment** field, add a comment, and then click **Add**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. In the **Add transaction comment** field, add a comment, and then click **Add**.
```
